COLD Calling:
Cold calling is the solicitation of business from potential customers who have had no prior contact with the salesperson conducting the call.
We provide best cold callers that make calls on behalf of our client.
We connect with their leads to create awareness about your business and eventually make a sale.
Ways:
Social Selling, Cold Emails, Voicemail.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cold Calling:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The best part: Call center agents at DialAmerica don’t read scripts. Instead, they learn active listening skills for establishing rapport with customers. These sales skills help them use personalized and persuasive techniques.
By adding a human touch to these calls, customers are much more engaged than they would be from listening to a script.

B2C telemarketing is one of the many specialty services offered at Squeeze Media. With a mix of inbound and outbound calling, the Squeeze Media agents can sell your products and services.

They don’t close the leads themselves. Instead, they qualify those leads and set appointments for you. So your sales team will still need to make the sale, but Callbox makes it easier for them by providing qualified leads with confirmed appointments.
Callbox also provides services for things like account-based marketing, customer profiling databases, and event marketing.
Cross-sell to existing customers
Up-sell to existing customers
Information blitz to new and existing customers
Lead generation and qualification
Appointment setting
Inbound customer service
Existing customer cross-sell and upsell
Technical support center
Inbound customer service

They provide customer support, help desk solutions, tech support, product information requests, inquiries, and toll-free services.

Day 1 — Prepare a prospect list, identify call purpose, develop script and workflow.
Day 2 — First attempt of outbound calls.
Day 3 — Second attempt of outbound calls.
Day 4 — Third attempt of outbound calls.
Day 5 — Analyze results and plan the next steps.



Cold calling
We help companies generate 1,000’s of calls each month with our
effective cold calling service and US based Business Development Specialists

At Leads at Scale, we believe strategic cold calling done correctly helps businesses develop relationships and boost sales!
Leads at Scale does all of the prospecting, cold-calling, qualifying and follow-up for you. Our cold calling services get warm, well-qualified leads, freeing up your sales team to focus on closing more sales.offshore cold calling services are designed to help you connect with your customers in a more natural and organic manner. Using a telephone conversation to build long-lasting business relationships is an art. With over 12 years of experience in providing cold calling outsourcing services for companies across industries, we have mastered this art in more ways than one.

For us, cold calling is more about compelling than pushing. We believe in delivering messages through engagements. It doesn’t matter what industry you are into, if you have something of value to offer, we create engrossing engagements to inspire the buyer to convert.
Our agents are well trained to work on softwares like Callrail, mojo and other leading cold calling dailers.





Sms Marketing:
Email open rates continue to decline, and the response rate to phone calls is below 6%. So it shouldn’t come as a surprise that the 98% open rates of text messages helps realtors to:
Keep in front of clients
Improve response rates
Generate more leads
Quickly find buyers
What’s even more important is that the vast majority of people want you to text them: a National Association of Realtors report found that 62% of all home buyers prefer their agent to send property info via text message.

The good news is that only 5% of realtors currently communicate by text, so it’s an opportunity to delight customers and stand out from the crowd.

Our agents have been specialzed in Batchleads, mailchimp, Propstream, Mojo and Reisift etc.







A neglected property could be an investment opportunity
...only if you could find the owner.
Skip trace owners nationwide.


On the surface, Skip Tracing is simple:

You provide a List of Addresses, or Owner Names, or even Business Entities…

… REVAS will add Owner Contact Info, capturing 80% – 95% of Owner Phone Numbers and 30% – 65% of Owner Emails (approximately).

We have 2 systematic approaches to Real Estate Skip Tracing:

A purely Automated Skip Tracing approach, using internal proprietary technology, providing 24 – 48 hour turn-around at rock-bottom rates…

… Plus a Manual Deep-Dive Skip Tracing, where a trained Overseas Virtual Assistant will dig deep into multiple data sources to find Contact Info for even the most hard-to-reach Contacts. 



VIRTUAL ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATIVE TASK:
Virtual Assistant responsibilities are:

Organize communication via emails and phone calls
Provide customer service as first point of contact
Organize meetings٫ travels and accommodations
Manage contact lists and organize managers’ calendars
Create and review customer spreadsheets and keep online records
Conduct market research and report on the results
Prepare presentations
Help employees with their administrative queries

1.    Email Management/Filtering
2.    Setting up Autoresponders (Aweber, Mailchimp)
3.    Booking appointments with clients
4.    Following up with clients/customers (sending thank you and other reminder emails)
5.    Receptionist duties (answering occasional calls)
6.    Calendar Management
7.    File Management (organizing files using Dropbox etc)
8.    Database building (eg. updating email or contact lists on your CRM)
9.    Research on certain topics for blogposts, newsletters or others
10.  Personal errands (purchasing gifts for loved ones / family members online)
11.  Hotel and Flight Booking
12.  Transcription (transcribing voicemail, video or audio, podcasts etc.)
13.  Taking down minutes of meetings
14.  Creating basic reports (reports on weekly tasks, deliverables, sales)
15.  Preparing Slideshows (Powerpoint Presentations)
16.  Liaison between you and other team members
17.  Recruitment (source for other team members like writers or graphic artists)
18.  Set-up Social Media Accounts (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Youtube)
19.  Manage and update Social Media Accounts
20.  Manage your Blog (Basic WordPress Skills)
21.  Publish posts on your Blog (content you provided)
22.  Filter  and reply to comments on your blog
23.  Answering support tickets (with the use of Zendesk)
24.  Blog commenting (to increase links to your site)
25.  Participating in discussion forums or message boards (more promotion!)

GENERAL TASKS:
1. Bookkeeping and payroll duties: calculate hours, add expenses, update salaries.
2. Receptionist and answering service: handle incoming phone calls, leave voicemails, and check messages.
3. Database building, entry and updates (sales, lead generation, contacts, CRM, etc.).
4. Perform banking needs, like paying bills and transferring funds.
5. Write and send client invoices.
6. Create, format, file, and present weekly reports on sales, deliverables, hours, and tasks.
7. Check emails, respond to customer inquiries, and manage spam.
8. Organize technical support tickets and participate in customer support.
9. Create and send out greeting cards, invitations, newsletters, and thank you notes.
10. Calendar management: establish, update, and manage important events.
11. Schedule potential client meetings and other sales appointments. 
12. Launch and maintain cloud computing accounts (DropBox, OneDrive, Google Drive).
13. Convert, merge, and split PDF files.
14. Prepare training manuals for a new remote worker.
15. Compose documents from handwritten drafts, faxes, and dictations.
16. Create forms or surveys for customer feedback.
17. Proofread documents and other office materials.
18. Produce graphs from your spreadsheets.
CONTENT WRITING:
19. Article and blog post creation.
20. Guest posting and guest blogging.
21. Compose press releases and newsletters and submit them to news release directories.
22. Produce content marketing material, such as infographics, white papers, and ebooks.
23. Design brochures and create content to put inside.
24. Publish extensive how-to guides and industry-related book reviews.
25. Translate company marketing materials into other languages.
26. Write and submit op-ed pieces to newspapers and websites.
27. Generate listicles (list articles) on industry-related matters.
28. Respond to comments made on the business’s blog.
29. Interview industry sources to write an in-depth report on markets.
30. Interview previous customers to compose case studies.



CLEANING:
Sometimes, repeated utilization of data and appending can cause your data quality to take a back seat. If this challenge is well-managed at intervals, less are the chances of your database needing a major overhaul. When you outsource data processing virtual assistant services our VA cleanses your data by fixing outdated and incorrect data to enhance business productivity.

SCRUBBING:
If your database has incomplete, repeated, or inaccurately formatted data our remote assistants will perform data scrubbing to ensure accuracy and consistency. When you choose this service, your database will remain relevant and ready to serve your business needs anytime, anywhere.

1. Identification of Tasks for Virtual Assistants
Data processing tasks identified within your business process and marked for delegation.

2. Documenting the Procedure
The data processing workflow will be coordinated and a custom checklist will be created for our VA.

3. Test Procedural Validity before Delegation
To ensure maximum compliance, the data processing procedure will be subjected to scrutiny to ensure proper adherence.

4. Task Delegation
We will identify virtual assistants from your local geography to ensure best cultural fit and perform background checks before signing the NDA.

5. Using the Tools to Handle VA Tasks
We select data processing virtual assistants based on their tool proficiency.

6. Competency Assessment
Our data processing virtual assistants are periodically assessed for competency to ensure they are fully involved in creating desired results.

7. Optimization of Procedure
Being a top data processing virtual assistant service providing company we constantly train our staff and partners to evolve and learn on the go.

8. Process Documentation
The entire process from start to finish will be accounted for because we document every stage for enhancing our ability to learn from past experience and to backtrack events if necessary.